README.md, before:

# 02 Advanced CSS: Portfolio

Welcome to this week's Challenge! This is an even-numbered week, so you won't be given any starter code. Instead, you'll create a web application from scratch! This week, you'll build a portfolio page, which you can add to as the course progresses. 

A portfolio of work can showcase your skills and talents to employers looking to fill a part-time or full-time position. An effective portfolio highlights your strongest work as well as the thought processes behind it. Students who have portfolios with deployed web applications (meaning they are live on the web) are typically very successful in their career search after the boot camp. This last point can’t be stressed enough: at many companies, having several deployed projects is a minimum requirement to receive an initial interview. 

With these points in mind, in this Challenge you’ll set yourself up for future success by applying the core skills you've recently learned: flexbox, media queries, and CSS variables. You'll get to practice your new skills while creating something that you'll use during your job search. It’s a win-win that you'll likely be grateful for in the future!

**Note**: If you don't have enough web applications to showcase at this point, use placeholder images and names. You can change them to real applications as you create them later in the course.

Let’s look at what a user story written from the perspective of a hiring manager might look like. As you might remember, we follow the AS AN / I WANT / SO THAT format.

## User Story

```
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport
```

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![portfolio demo](./Assets/02-advanced-css-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit BOTH of the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository that contains your code. Give the repository a unique name and include a README file that describes the project.

- - -
© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

inserted image link of Run Buddy website to portfolio & re-sized image so it looked good

README.md, after:

# 02 Advanced CSS: Portfolio

Welcome to this week's Challenge! This is an even-numbered week, so you won't be given any starter code. Instead, you'll create a web application from scratch! This week, you'll build a portfolio page, which you can add to as the course progresses. 

A portfolio of work can showcase your skills and talents to employers looking to fill a part-time or full-time position. An effective portfolio highlights your strongest work as well as the thought processes behind it. Students who have portfolios with deployed web applications (meaning they are live on the web) are typically very successful in their career search after the boot camp. This last point can’t be stressed enough: at many companies, having several deployed projects is a minimum requirement to receive an initial interview. 

With these points in mind, in this Challenge you’ll set yourself up for future success by applying the core skills you've recently learned: flexbox, media queries, and CSS variables. You'll get to practice your new skills while creating something that you'll use during your job search. It’s a win-win that you'll likely be grateful for in the future!

**Note**: If you don't have enough web applications to showcase at this point, use placeholder images and names. You can change them to real applications as you create them later in the course.

Let’s look at what a user story written from the perspective of a hiring manager might look like. As you might remember, we follow the AS AN / I WANT / SO THAT format.

## User Story

```
AS AN employer
I WANT to view a potential employee's deployed portfolio of work samples
SO THAT I can review samples of their work and assess whether they're a good candidate for an open position
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work
WHEN I load their portfolio
THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them
WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation
THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section
WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work
THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications
WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application
THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others
WHEN I click on the images of the applications
THEN I am taken to that deployed application
WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices
THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport
```

The following animation shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![portfolio demo](./assets/02-advanced-css-homework-demo.gif)



## Review


## Screenshot of deployed application 
<!-- TODO: replace this with the website's screenshot-->
![Screenshot of header, nav bar, & hero image](images/header-navbar-hero.jpg)
![Screenshot of articles, search-engine optimization & online reputation management, & sidebar](images/articles-sidebar.jpg)
![Screenshot of article  social media marketing, the sidebar, brand awareness & "cost management", & the footer](images/article-sidebar-footer.jpg)


## URL to deployed application
https://amiller0806.github.io/HTML-CSS-refactor/ 


* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository that contains your code. Give the repository a unique name and include a README file that describes the project.

- - -
© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
